the makeup is like what I will call in
cosmetic a veil of beauty
you know just playing with saddle
foundation powder concealer mascara from
the come to lip liner everything but a
very very chance from you don't see it
it's not about to make a bit about the
woman looking beautiful
I thought it was great the Belmont show
since he has been doing it has had a
great spirit and I think the fun part
has been you know obviously he's
appropriating other time zones and going
in there and I think the fact that he
did the Frank Sinatra song saying I did
it my way and then had all those other
punk things going over pretty much says
it you know which is he's taking the
great moment sort of in mid to late 20th
century history and then really giving
his own spin on it and I think it's
really good you know he's got a great
spirit
it reminds me there was a moment in the
80s in art where all the artists it was
neo surrealism neo Expressionism were
taking these eras that they really
believed in and giving it completely
contemporary spin and that's what he's
doing very openly and I think it's
really fun it's a really fun house
first off Declan was very heavily into
punk I think there were more safety pins
and stitches and you also use staples
and studs and it was very Punk inspired
I love them it's super punk rock this
time and I just found like Sid Vicious
actually or Nancy well it was really
cool actually I had the best time I just
love the look love love love
the jeans were skin tight bleach rip
distress tie-dyed American flag jackets
t-shirts with holes in I had a little
short like leather shorts with a lot of
pins very punk-rock I love it I love it
great I great I love the style
I love the way that he used the leather
and the torn things and the safety pins
and it was a lot it was really young and
fun and terrific and will cost a fortune
but I love the idea
in terms of just putting a lot of
emotion and energy on the runway I think
that Belle man was able to do that I was
left feeling like you know considering
the prices of Falmouth which are you
know the stratosphere
but you know I need a little bit more
than a faded t-shirt
and the curious thing is sure this is
really potable to a punk
and so the t-shirt or Bobby sell for
about a thousand dollars or the jeans
will be about two thousand dollars and I
don't like to speculate just how costly
those leather jackets will be
well I think it's gonna be interesting
to see what he does in terms of the
prices I think the leather jackets you
can totally justified it I don't know
what he's gonna do with me some of those
leather skirts with say chickens all
over them were really beautiful and
decorated and well done but I think it's
tough a pair of cutoff shorts you know
any young girl who can wear that look is
going to do it herself and figure out a
way to duplicate it
well I think the bowel mound devotees
and there's a lot of them with a lot of
money will certainly buy into it but the
British high street is going to have a
field day and just grab all the distress
tenement can find throw on a few safety
pins and sell it for a fraction of the
price
I mean I think he's really brought the
spotlight back to it that sort of
Sergeant Pepper jacket that he did is
what really started bringing the
spotlight and you saw you know the whole
kind of fashion crowd who often wait for
a new designer to make his mark you know
before they come to the shows I think
people are very behind it and the public
is loving it so what more can a house
ask for
you